{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14320\viewh14500\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1120\fi-20\ri2240\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1120\fi-20\ri2240\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 About this Resource\
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\tx6980\tx7140\tx7360\li1120\fi-20\ri1660\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 This is an App Icon Template that, through Smart Objects in Photoshop, attempts to automate the process of rendering the various amount of sizes that is needed for a OS X app.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1120\fi-20\ri2240\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 How to use this\
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\tx6980\tx7140\tx7360\li1120\fi-20\ri1660\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 Edit the 1024x1024 Smart Object named 'Edit me & save'. This opens the Icon.psb file - create your artwork in this canvas. After saving the Icon.psb, the multiple sizes in the Main PSD file should automatically be rendered. Use the Photoshop Actions  (OS X Icon Template [1.0].atn) that came in the same folder as the main psd to export your icon files.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1120\fi-20\ri2240\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Some words on scaling & artifacts\
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\tx6980\tx7140\tx7360\li1120\fi-20\ri1660\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 When something is scaled in Photoshop chances are you\'92ll get aliasing artifacts, jagged edges and an overall reduction in quality. This is particularly noticeable when what you are scaling has high contrast areas (shadows and highlights close to each other). The issue becomes even more pronounced when dealing with a canvas with a transparent background. In short: this particular template is extra prone to the sort of aliasing issues automatic scaling creates. To somewhat combat this, I\'92ve created a new way of scaling content for the final export action. Instead of saving out each of the sliced sizes you see in the template, it\'92ll resample the largest icon with a smooth bicupic algorithm. What this means is that the multiple sizes you\'92re seeing auto generated in the template is just a preview and not the actual product. The final exported versions will look better.\
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\tx6980\tx7140\tx7360\li1120\fi-20\ri1660\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1120\fi-20\ri2240\pardirnatural
\cf0 License
\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\tx6980\tx7140\tx7360\li1120\fi-20\ri1660\pardirnatural
\cf0 This icon template is completely royalty free and you can\
use it in any project you want, personal 
\i or
\i0  commercial. All i ask is that you please don't redistribute the template itself.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1120\fi-20\ri2240\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Disclaimer, Bugs & Suggestions
\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\tx6980\tx7140\tx7360\li1120\fi-20\ri1660\pardirnatural
\cf0 I've tried to make this as precise as possible, but If you find any errors or just want to get in contact please shoot me an email at 
\b desk [at] pixelresort.com
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1120\fi-20\ri2240\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
I hope this helps you create awesome icons.\
\
Kind Regards,\
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1120\fi-20\ri2240\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Michael Flarup		\
@flarup\

\i\b0 pixelresort.com}